have you seen the trailer for the new
Star Wars movie on Monday night they
released what they're calling the final
trailer for Star Wars The Force awakens
this one takes place in space which is
fun it the movie doesn't come out until
December 18th and the plot is top secret
all we do know is that the force awakens
and the last thing it remembers is
getting a drink from Bill Cosby you know
because we're in any Brooklyn this week
we thought it would be fun to ask our
local crew some of the people working on
the show who live here in Brooklyn let's
see our local crew if we can we ask
these guys to reavoice the Star Wars
trailer using instead of the actors
using their voices with their Brooklyn
accents and here's how that came out hey
what's up how's everything
Wow it's hot as balls in here Oh what
nothing will stand in our way
I'm gonna finish what you started oh my
god what happened you face this freakin
stories about what happened and it's
true all that the dogs woof hey how you
doing how you doing Jenny what if you
think you're going they're real oh come
on that's right tough guy
hey Donnie boy followed take a message
they're all going to be moving stars
hi i'm jimmy kimmel thanks for watching
it means a lot to me and if you'd like
to take our relationship to the next
level click the subscribe button below
I'll wait for you